Document EXISTS and COUNT subqueries (#1590)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/deprecations-additions-and-compatibility.asciidoc

WHERE EXISTS {...}
----
a|

> EXISTS sub-queries are sub-clauses used to filter the results of a `MATCH`, `OPTIONAL MATCH`, or `WITH` clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EXISTS` subqueries are subclauses used to filter the results of a `MATCH`, `OPTIONAL MATCH`, or `WITH` clause.
```
